Hello, everyone.
So let's call this problem wild card matching.
So I've just taken these two problems of matching, which is regular expression matching, wild card
adding matching it.
But in this, what we're going to do is we have a Burton P and a stringers and we.
There was special things in the pattern.
The first is a question mark, and the second is a.
Right.
So it is that you would own borders in a burden, implement vital card burden matching with support.
Question mark and start where the question mark can match any single character.
It's important.
It's not taking multiple characters or, you know, characters.
It's exactly one character description marking match.
Right.
And the second is start can match any sequence of characters, including the empty sequence.
So first of all, let me preface this problem because you can see the likes of 4307 and 191 are only
the dislikes.
I mean, the ratio between likes and dislikes is too huge.
And then if I personally see that, then there should not be any dislike in this problem because it's
a very nice dating programming problem.
And it also says that the meeting should cover the entire input string, not partial.
But let's see the examples here.
It says the belly.
And anyway, there's nothing to match because there is no question mark or star.
Therefore, s will not match e.
So it will be a.
And Mitch, it will not be a match.
Let me quickly if I did.
It is wild card.
Pattern matching.
And yeah.
And so this will not matter because there's no nothing to match.
But what if.
Let's say it was like this.
Then this.
ABRAMS to this and this gushing mug would have meshed with this, particularly because question mark
and match any single character.
Right.
That means I can convert the question mark to a single character.
What if it was a be a question mark?
Then it would not have been a match.
Because Bush and Marquez two options that it can take be or it can take.
If it takes be, it becomes a baby.
So it's not a match.
Or if it becomes a, then it's again not a match.
Eight.
So, yeah.
Second is it is Double-A and B stuff.
So of course this is true.
So it is anything, let's say B, C, D, E, F, and in blue I have only star.
It will always return me.
True.
It will always match.
Because Star can match.
DOD can match any sequence of characters, including the empty sequence.
This is important, right?
Let me take some cases.
What if?
Let's say it was start in Z here.
Then it would have been a false statement because that can match any number of characters in this.
But then where will this Z match?
It will not be able to make it, let's say if it was.
Da and here an effort.
Also it would have returned true by because images of matches if and this dot images b c d.
I can see this.
Let's say.
What was this?
A b c d e f e a e f ocean.
Mark, ocean.
Mark, give me it.
This good is ocean, mark.
Question mark.
We know, of course, in Margaret match exactly one character.
So he's all matched here.
And this match did this image to you.
Now, what about the start?
It didn't match anything, right?
But still, it really didn't.
Why should it return to movies?
Because.
It can match any sequence of characters, including the empty sequence.
This is important, right?
So right now, my start is not matching to any of the characters.
What can start to not match or match with the continuous set of characters?
And if I have some characters, they have to match.
If I have a question mark, they have to match with only one character.
So basically we have three options.
The first is.
Options.
The first to start.
The second is Ocean Mark and the third is character.
Buddy Burton right now.
Let's see how to solve it.
And you all know how to solve it.
I would just suggest you.
Go ahead.
Protecting the string is by making this pattern.
And then.
These are your pointers.
And then think of the options in option one if I have starred as the downswing.
And simply think about what all deep states.
Am I pointing to?
And just give me a second.
I'm sorry I started the recording without getting laid.
And.
Yeah, so let me continue.
Yeah.
So this is the first option.
The second option is the third option.
But let's think about all the options.
Let's take the easiest option, which is character.
And this is the most easiest option.
So let's say a string is us and B or what?
Yeah.
S and B, let's take S&P.
It's I was doing this and this thing and it's this thing.
BS anecdote right now is nothing but our deep.
Well.
And the thing is, character right now is also at the end, it is like p e d that.
Cool.
And let's say that.
Listen.
This is a string.
But I know is over here, Jaisal, where and what we will do, we will simply.
Will simply try to match due with the rate I know my characters are.
Assume that means as of I is equal to be off day.
So in this case what I have to do is if both of them are equal, then go match the string and distinct
input rate.
So in this case, what will happen will be ideas?
Nothing.
But it will just ask your go and match and CPI plus one and a plus one.
I hope this is clear.
They're just going and going match I plus one and two plus one means margin strings will let me face
this.
Vala this is very easy than the normal case.
Now, the second case is when I have.
Let's take our kids for.
Let's take a case for question mark.
Right.
Let's say they know we have question mark here and here.
We have some characters, ABC or.
What is this thing?
I know we just worried about what is in the first place.
Which character is in the first place?
About the strings?
Of course, in the setting too, there will be characters only, and there's also a case when there
is an empty string in the script.
For example, it's this no character.
And I yes, this.
And if it does these, then Bush and that means there are no characters will handle that case also.
And yeah, so right now he has this question mark and this question mark, as we know, it can just
match any single character.
So it's very easy, right?
So what it is, is.
If there is an element over here, that means if I is not equal to the last, it means if it is not
equal to the end, that means I is not over here.
So if there is a character so I can simply write, it is like this that if I is less then as start nice.
Eight.
That means I is in the somewhere in the character zone.
And I can simply say.
If this is there, then I can simply say that BPI is equal to.
What will this question mark?
It will.
It will just take one character into account.
So it will take this it will match with the.
And then what I have left to match I have left these two strings to match, which will be I plus one
comma replacing.
Well, this, but this is the normal iteration.
If I have a question so you can see both of these situations I've seen if the character is named and
also there's a match, match forward.
If a question mark is there and a character is there, match it, move forward.
And now we're on the next case, which is.
The final case and it is pushing mark so decided they started.
Let me let me started.
Well, here we are on this task force.
And this task force is very important because it can measure one character.
It can match two characters.
It can match.
You know, character chemistry.
Characters of so.
I'll go slow.
Just try to understand this.
But let me make a first case that if Starr is if there.
I mean, the character is a star and the elite character is an empty setting.
That means there's no character on the end.
Then what can what going to happen here?
If I is on the Yankees.
Don't worry about what is, you know, beyond the start letter.
The subject can.
You don't have to worry about what is beyond that will automatically be solved.
Right, because we are digging all the cases of challenges.
You just have to worry about started the G8 position and I when Isaac was to start.
Okay so let me just give some easier.
This first and here we have a start date.
So first case, first date is when I is equal to head start size.
When it is on the end and the second cases.
Otherwise it's.
Well, if I don't as Jordan Bill will start still magic.
Yes.
Because we know that Star can match some unknown numbers as well.
Let me give you an example.
Let's see if it is ABCDE.
And Bee Sting is also A, B, C, D and I start.
Then it should return.
True, right?
Because Star will imagine empty string.
Well.
So I hope this is very fine because I can imagine them destroying.
So in this case, guys, what will be your example means?
Let's see.
S is an empty string and is on the.
Final push means it's an empty string and it starts here.
What should be the dynamic programming relation here that eyes on the end and does over here?
That an employment relation can be a deep idea?
I command you and be equal to BP.
I as a disclaimer.
Duplass one.
State that means.
Go check for the next thing and match it with the empty string.
Only because this time what I'm trying to do, I'm trying not to match state aid, for example.
Let me give you another example, which is.
This.
This can be a good example.
Let's say this girl.
Right.
And I know my eyes over here and my jeans over here.
Right now I'm trying to match this string with this string.
So if I'm trying to match these two strings, simply, what can the star do?
It can match with.
Kate can match it.
Then it can also not match with any of the characters.
It can just vanish.
So when the star vanishes, what happens?
Of course, this is the elsewhere like estate when I have the Iot.
RESIDENT eight But both the cases are kind of seen when this dog actually vanishes.
It doesn't match with the Iot character.
So if a star just vanishes, it doesn't match with the character, then what will happen?
I still left whole asking to be meshed with the giblets, wanting to be mashed.
I hope this is clear.
Now.
Okay, let me instead of seeing I go straight to George says let me see if we make cases in this way
that.
Matching zero candidates, matching one candidate's matching two character and so on.
So the first case is when it matches.
Zero characters, zero characters.
But if it manages zero characters, then it is nothing more than the pages.
And I think we are depending on Idbi, comma, d plus one because it didn't match anything.
I will not increase that Candice when this title matches one character played by character.
It matches fast character.
That means one character instead of foster, one character, one character match of star.
Then what will happen if you're just matching one character of the above string?
That means a plus one, and the plus one needs to be matched.
It would be a comedy will depend on AP.
I.
Plus one comma j plus one.
And the other is the third case can be when it matches two characters.
If it matches two characters, then you can easily see that in this case what will happen is star will
match giant keyboard.
So basically DPI icon magic will be let me get some space again.
Divided will be called nothing where they pay less and less.
But I hope you're getting this right by deep blows to NJ plus one because.
Very simple.
It's trying to match with two characters.
Eight.
And this was the case of zero characters.
One character who character.
And it will go on into how many characters it can match till the end of this thing is eight.
But we just need to not think about this.
That.
Just give me a second.
Thank you for that.
Now you can see that all these characters, they're matching the zero character here, but the character
here, two characters.
It means this start and it can match to the end also.
But of course, we will not be able to code so much.
I'd like a plus one.
I plus two I plus read will.
It will take a four loop and then we learn about loop and coded rate.
But then there is a better approach to actually minimize the code rate.
And this approach is directly based on the approach that I've already discussed with you.
Okay.
And that isn't nothing but off, you know, using indirect contributions instead of saying that we are
directly dependent on you.
For example, this is.
This is zero eight.
This is first and this is second rate.
So this one is again, let's see.
Let me give some space.
But as you all know, this is a recursive solution.
And if I write it, it goes recursion in such a way that all these cases are handled by a normal recursion,
then it would be very great.
Right?
For example.
Let's see, these are zero character matching.
So Azeroth character emerged and I wrote it like this, which is the API is equal to the API comma replace.
One eight.
And then I see that.
Just match one character aid and kind of recursively now match all the characters, for example, one
character match.
And I see that it is equal to the by comedy.
EPI I plus one because one character matched announcing.
Yeah I'm not increasing the git point is just think about this I.
For example, let's say I was doing A, B, C, D, and I had this.
It.
So if the zero.
If it doesn't.
If this da.
Let's start evicting.
If it doesn't match any character than what we have, then what I have.
I have.
I yes, it is.
And Duplass way normal.
But if knowledge it matches.
This is a.
This is, you know, let's measure this.
It matches with the and I'm still still not increasing my eight it's I'm already increasing my G.
What does it represent?
It would represent to match this with this.
Now, again, this is indeed the same thing that match this target B also.
Think what I'm doing is whenever I have.
I start.
Whenever I start, I just do two types of matching.
One is match with zero characters that we just ignored or match with one character's and still keep
it in place.
And that means still keep it automatic.
They know what will happen.
Let me show you if I use this approach.
Because you all must remember in one of the previous lectures, I told you that this is going to come
because it's an indirect state.
I think we.
From space.
Well.
Let's say I'm on zero zero.
And what happens is I'm doing a one character match and this second zeroth character is a star.
If I'm doing a one character match, then it will call it zero, comma, one and.
If I'm doing one great damage, it will call one comma zero.
Right.
Now these are the zero comma one also.
We know that on the first place we also we again.
You know, in the first place.
We don't have a star now.
Okay, let me make example, ABCD and a star.
Eight initially.
What's happening?
This is zero and this is zero.
And I'm doing as you were correct no match.
So what did seasons is zero one and 108.
I'm just talking about this case, which is one zero.
108.
So I is over here and JS over here.
Now again, what will happen?
It will again divided into two parts.
The first part is a comedy plus one, which is one comma one.
And the second part is a plus one comedy with just two comma zero.
Wait.
So let me show this.
Now this.
What does this two zero represent?
Doesn't it represent the this star is trying to match these two characters as well, and it's starting
to move forward.
Also, this means they are this.
This is what took them a zero means that two characters matched.
Who characters.
Matched.
And what is what does this one common one means?
This means that this DA matched exactly one character.
Correct?
Just think about this ice over here and JS over here on the end.
That means it's tarnished exactly one character.
Right.
So I.
So am I not handling the case when it comes to characters?
I'm also handling the case when it match one character.
And I'm also handling the case when it matched zero characters.
If I try to.
Father, right?
You don't like me, Father.
I don't I?
So of course it will end the way.
Because nowadays on the first index, if Jay's on the first index, there's no star.
I cannot match zero one character now.
Now, I will simply have two more lines over here.
So what are these two lines?
It is.
West is a comedy prison, which is Tacoma one, and the second is three going on when you go to zero
eight, which is a plus one comedy.
What does this mean now?
They are liquidated.
ABC, E, ABC and Mr..
And so this Tacoma one means eyes over here and Jay's on the end.
So this means that two characters that merged and this time I just two characters and have ended it
now I mean it is totally merging two characters.
Now what about the next case, which is.
I'm in this case three comma 08430.
What happens?
These are very.
Oh, so the eyes over here and jays over here, which means the three characters were already mashed
from the start and I decided to match the old character.
So basically these two operations mean only one thing that will start to match the current character.
I didn't get it to match or it will not match.
Do not match means stop matching the characters.
But when I make both the combinations that match the cartoon character do not match the cartoon character,
then I can make all possible combinations of matching.
One, two, three, four, five, six and seven, eight electors.
Eight.
Because it's a it's a recursive thing.
It's an I said recursive approach.
I hope you got this point.
Of course, guys, this will also work by starting from 012 and going on to land eight.
But this will require a far loop for you to handle rate, and that volume will take an extra complexity.
Whenever there's a story, you'll have to do much better than a four loop.
Right.
Making all cases recursively only.
And that is by using these two of these two methods instead of.
So we are not having a plus one we are having only deal with here, which will help me handle all my
cases.
Match it, don't match it.
This this means match current character.
Match current character.
But this means magical in character.
And this means the above means do not match.
Be good in character.
I hope this has been clear.
But there was only one tricky case which was of this star.
Right.
And that's that's the most important case as well.
And it is matching 012 in how many characters it can.
Eight.
You can go, you can corded in whatever way you want, but this will give you a time limit for a loop
approach.
And this is the other approach.
It's a it's a special trick.
Eight.
This dog can formulate all my different.
Approaches.
Well.
So in the next, we'll call it out.
Thank you.